Virt/selection policy (#13)
OxidosAutomotive/tock: capsules/core/README.md

- **[Virtual SPI](src/virtualizers/virtual_spi.rs)**: Shared SPI and fixed chip select pins.
- **[Virtual Timer](src/virtualizers/virtual_timer.rs)**: Shared timer.
- **[Virtual UART](src/virtualizers/virtual_uart.rs)**: Shared UART bus.

> - **[Selection Policy](src/virtualizers/selection_policy.rs)**: Policy that determines which device is selected first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
selected first.
```

This is not a capsule, I would not add it in this list.

> - **[Selection Policy](src/virtualizers/selection_policy.rs)**: Policy that determines which device is selected first.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **[Selection Policy](src/virtualizers/selection_policy.rs)**: Policy that determines in what order the virtual peripherals are selected for execution.
```

Feel free to change the phrasing a bit on this one.
